2013 Canadian Computing Competition, Stage 1

Problem J5/S3: Chances of winning
You want to determine the chances that your favourite team will be the
champion of a small tournament.
There are exactly four teams. At the end of the tournament, a total of six
games will have been played with each team playing every other team exactly
once. For each game, either one team wins (and the other loses), or the game
ends in a tie. If the game does not end in a tie, the winning team is awarded
three points and the losing team is awarded zero points. If the game ends in a
tie, each team is awarded one point.
Your favourite team will only be the champion if it ends the tournament with
strictly more total points than every other team (i.e., a tie for first place
is not good enough for your favourite team).
The tournament is not over yet but you know the scores of every game that
has already been played.  You want to consider all possible ways points could
be awarded in the remaining games that have not yet been played and determine
in how many of these cases your favourite team will be the tournament
champion.

Input
The first line of input will contain an integer T which is your
favourite team (1 ≤ T ≤ 4).  The second
line will contain an integer G, the number of games already played
(0 ≤ G ≤ 5).  The next G lines
will give the results of games that have already been played. Each of these
lines will consist of four integers A, B,
SA, SB separated by single spaces
where
1 ≤ A < B ≤ 4, and
SA, SB ≥ 0.  This
corresponds to a game between team A (which had score
SA) and team B (which had score
SB) where team A won if
SA > SB, team
B won if
SA < SB and the game
ended in a tie if
SA = SB.  The pairs
A and B on the input lines are distinct, since no pair of
teams plays twice.

Output
The output will consist of a single integer which is the number of times
that team T is the champion over all possible awarding of points in
the remaining games in the tournament.

Sample Input 1
3
3
1 3 7 5
3 4 0 8
2 4 2 2

Sample Output 1
0
Explanation
Team 3 has lost two of its three games, and team 4 has tied one and won one,
which gives 4 points to team 4. Even if team 3 wins its final game, it cannot
have more points than team 4, and thus, will not be champion.

Sample Input 2
3
4
1 3 5 7
3 4 8 0
2 4 2 2
1 2 5 5

Sample Output 2
9
Explanation
After these games, we know the following:

TeamPoints
11
22
36
41

There are two remaining games (team 3 plays team 2; team 1 plays team 4).
Teams 1, 2 or 4 cannot achieve 6 points, since even if they win their final
games, their final point totals will be 4, 5 and 4 respectively. Thus, out of
the 9 possible outcomes (2 matches with 3 different possible results per
match), team 3 will be the champion in all 9 outcomes.