2011 Canadian Computing Competition, Stage 1

Problem S4: Blood Distribution
At the Canadian Cardiac Centre there are four types of blood available: O, A, B, and AB. Each
of these types of blood has an Rh factor, which is either “positive” or “negative”. There are many
patients who each require 1 unit of blood. Each patient’s blood type determines the type of blood
s/he may receive:

Each Type O patient requires Type O blood.
Each Type A patient may receive blood of Type A or Type O.
Each Type B patient may receive blood of Type B or Type O.
The Type AB patients may receive blood of any type.

Patients who have Rh-negative blood can accept Rh-negative blood only, but patients with Rhpositive
blood can accept either Rh-positive or Rh-negative types of blood.
We want as many patients as possible to receive a unit of blood. What is the maximum number of
patients that can receive blood?

Input Format
The first line of input contains 8 integers: the number of units of blood of Type O negative, O
positive, A negative, A positive, B negative, B positive, AB negative and AB positive. This is followed
by a line containing eight numbers: the number of patients whose blood type is O negative,
O positive, A negative, A positive, B negative, B positive, and AB negative and AB positive. Each
of these integers will be at least 0 and less than 107.

Output Format
The output of your program should be a single number: the maximum number of patients that can
receive blood.

Sample Input
5 5 3 1 2 11 5 12
2 4 9 2 3 9 7 3

Sample Output
33
Explanation

2 Type O- patients receive Type O- blood
4 Type O+ patients receive Type O+ blood
3 Type A- patients receive Type A- blood
3 Type A- patients receive Type 0- blood
1 Type A+ patients receive Type A+ blood
1 Type A+ patients receive Type O+ blood
2 Type B- patients receive Type B- blood
9 Type B+ patients receive Type B+ blood
5 Type AB- patient receives Type AB- blood
3 Type AB+ patients receive Type AB+ blood

Note: At least 30% of the test cases for this problem will have at most 1000 units of each type of blood.