2010 Canadian Computing Competition, Stage 1

Problem S5: Nutrient Tree
There is a binary tree with l leaves (1 ≤ l ≤ 50)
where each leaf k has an amount of nutrients nk
(1 ≤ nk ≤ 10000) that it produces.
The branches (which you can think of as edges) of this binary tree limit the
maximum amount of nutrients that can flow to the root of the tree. You have
X growth agents (1 ≤ X ≤ 2500) that can be used to
increase the thickness of an edge or increase the nutrient production of a leaf
node. Initially, each edge has a weight of 1 and if you give it w
growth agents then it can transport (1 + w)2 nutrients.
Increasing the nutrient production of a leaf with initial value
nk by s raises the nutrient production of that
leaf to nk + s.
Notice that when edges meet, the amount of nutrient that flows is the sum of
nutrients flowing along the incoming edges.
Find the maximum amount of nutrients you can transport to the root.

Input
The first line of input will be a description of the tree. This description
can be defined recursively as either an integer nk
(1 ≤ nk ≤ 10000) or as
(TLTR) where TL and
TR are descriptions of the left and right subtrees,
respectively. The second line of input will be the integer X, the
amount of growth agents you have. Note: at least 30% of the marks for this
question have l ≤ 5 and X ≤ 50.

Output
On one line, output the maximum amount of nutrients that can flow into the
root of the tree.

Sample Input
(5 ((7 1) (3 4)))
3

Sample Output
7
Explanation
The tree description can be illustrated as:

Notice that if we put two growth factors on the left edge of the root, and one
growth factor on the right edge of the root. Then, there will be 5 nutrients
flowing from the leaf labelled 5 to the root (since the capacity is
(1+2)2 = 9 units of nutrients) and 2 nutrients flowing from the right
subtree (since the capacity is (1+1)2 = 4, but there are only 2 units
of nutrients due to limits of 1 on the edges attached to all other leaves).
Alternatively, notice that increasing the nutrient production of the left
leaf of the root to 6, and increasing the capacity of the root to the left
leaf by 2 (to give a capacity of (1+2)2 = 9 units) would cause 6
units of nutrients to flow into the root from the left tree, and the right
subtree of the root would produce 1 unit of nutrient.
In both cases, the maximum amount of nutrients that can reach the root node
is 7.